README.md, before:

# VPNFlag

A little tool to display VPN country exit flag and "network speed".

Linux 🐧 only for now.

![/images/vpnflag.gif](images/vpnflag.gif)

## Usage

Run the `vpnflag` binary.

**Icon legend**

💀 Network unreachable.

🇪🇸 The country flag indicates the exit point, i.e. your "public" IP address.

🔴 Network speed test issues.

## Building/installing

VPNFlag relies on https://github.com/getlantern/systray so some dependencies must be satisfied first. See their repository for instructions.

Run `go build` after satisfying deps.

## Notes

Measured network speed is based on the time it takes to make an HTTP GET request to https://api.github.com/zen. While not the best or most comprehensive way to measure "network speed", it's a good enough indication of the network performance when making simple HTTP requests, i.e. browsing the web.

## GeoIP database included

This tool includes IP2Location LITE data available from [https://lite.ip2location.com](https://lite.ip2location.com).

Commit message:

Add vpnflag systemd service and docs

README.md, after:

# VPNFlag

A little tool to display VPN country exit flag and "network speed".

Linux 🐧 only for now.

![/images/vpnflag.gif](images/vpnflag.gif)

## Usage

Run the `vpnflag` binary.

You can also use [script/install-service] to create and start vpnflag via systemd as a user. This requires the `vpnflag` binary to be copied to `/usr/local/bin` first.

**Icon legend**

💀 Network unreachable.

🇪🇸 The country flag indicates the exit point, i.e. your "public" IP address.

🔴 Network speed test issues.

## Building/installing

VPNFlag relies on https://github.com/getlantern/systray so some dependencies must be satisfied first. See their repository for instructions.

Run `go build` after satisfying deps.

## Notes

Measured network speed is based on the time it takes to make an HTTP GET request to https://api.github.com/zen. While not the best or most comprehensive way to measure "network speed", it's a good enough indication of the network performance when making simple HTTP requests, i.e. browsing the web.

## GeoIP database included

This tool includes IP2Location LITE data available from [https://lite.ip2location.com](https://lite.ip2location.com).
